## Front-End Developer Challenge and Questions

We realize there are often multiple solutions or answers to the same questions and to the challenge in particular. We do not necessarily have “right or wrong” in mind, we are simply looking to learn a bit about you, and your approach to development. 


## Questions:

What front-end component libraries or frameworks have you used besides bootstrap?

* <code> jQuery, Polymer, Angular 1.4, React, Redux, Redux-form, Webpack, Firebase, React Router 4, Styled Components,
Material UI, MDB React, FBgraph (Facebook Graph API), Express, 
 ESLint, lightbox-react, react-linkify, react-dnd (Drag and Drop), 
react-ga (Google Analytics), react-google-tag-manager.</code>

What tools would you implement to enforce code quality rules and standards? 

* <code> Eslint is a good utility to get code quality rules and standards.</code>

What HTML templating languages or engines have you used?

* <code>I think that with React JSX and the new standard about Template literals, those templates engines are deprecated</code>


Which code related blogs or sites do you read regularly?
 
* https://codelabs.developers.google.com/,
* https://www.udacity.com/
* YouTube Google Developers Channel



In Sass, what is the significance of using an underscore at the beginning of a sass file name?

* A sass file starting with an underscore is a partial, That means the stylesheet it's going to be imported (@import) to a main stylesheet.

Name a few (npm) node modules that you think are most useful?
* <code>Eslint, React Router 4, Create React App </code>

Given the option to choose Angular, React or Vue.js for a new project which would you choose and why? What type of requirements might affect your decision to use one over the other?
* <code> I have started working with Angular 1.x, back in the days until I started to use React, from my point of view I always choose React, because is easy to use (compared to Angular which is more sophisticated), flexible, and powerful, they are the pioneers to introduce in the market the philosophy and the concept of components which Angular have adopted in the end.
I don't know to much about VUE but Angular and React are products from Google and Facebook then you will always have a better support form those companies.  </code>


If you were referred to an unfamiliar node project repo, what file or files would you first look to, to determine the commands to run, build and test the project?
* <code>Read the package.json to check for Dependencies, Dev Dependencies, and Script Section and also the Readme file </code>


What is the benefit of using the HTML ‘nav’ element vs. a div with the class of .nav?
* <code> The 'nav' element belongs to the new Semantics Elements in HTML5.</code>
* <code> The main benefit is that the website will have a better performance related to the SEO (Search Engine Optimization).</code>
* <code> If we use all the semantics tags in the website, the bots (spiders from search engines) will read, understand and collect data from the website content more easy and fast. </code>

What code related framework, library or language do you want to learn next?
* <code>Polymer, Vue, Angular 7</code>


## Challenge:

Using the latest version of Bootstrap, create a single, web page that collapses responsively from desktop to mobile and where the desktop and mobile breakpoints match the wireframe images provided.

Utilize the Bootstrap grid system, components, and classes. Take care to demonstrate the use of modern, semantic HTML elements.

The carousel at the top of the page should contain three slides  – which can all display the same content, but the carousel itself should be functional in that clicking left or right will animate to the previous or next slide.

Additionally, in the mobile view, the “hamburger” (three lines icon) menu button should collapse and expand the navigation.

All other components are only present for layout purposes and do not need to function - navigation links do not need to lead anywhere, search does not need to work, and so on.

## Challenge Setup:

At a minimum, you must utilize Sass to import Bootstrap via your choice of any build tool (Gulp, Webpack, Parcel etc) or CLI to create the HTML and CSS output. The output should be locally viewable by simply loading an index.html page into the browser.

Use whatever tools you are most comfortable with to accommodate this, you do not have to reinvent the wheel.

Combine all of your challenge directory/files as well as this document with completed answers in a single .zip file and deliver back to us as soon as you have completed them.

Please provide your entire directory structure (with the exception of node_modules if it is generated by your toolset) to keep totally delivery size small.

Feel free to contact us with any questions and thank you for taking the time to complete these items!

=======================

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify
